rock climbing may not be his forte but
he's learnt that persistence pays the
Cobra one of the deadliest threats Elan
cub could ever face
fortunately the Cubs curiosity is
tempered by an innate caution faced by a
threat the prize join forces their first
concern is to corral the Cubs
their enemy carries a concealed weapon
and spits film the poison jets from
hypodermic fangs the Lions are lucky one
drop in the eye would blind them for
life with the spitting cobra at large
the cubs are at risk
holding them by the scruff of the neck
stops from struggling as they're carried
to safety danger is never far away
elephants actively seek out of the only
predator that kills their calves revenge
is sweet and Cubs are an easy target the
lioness is powerless to reach a cubs so
now they're on their own
their first instinct is to hide
but even an adult LAN needs to know when
to run
their mother attempts a rescue but again
the elephant's drive a wedge between her
and her Cubs faced by overwhelming force
her only choice is retreat if she was
wounded her Cubs would die it's best she
hides and finds them later her young may
have escaped but without their mother
the clock is ticking because of the many
dangers more than half of all Cubs die
in their first year